Conversation opened. 1 read message. 

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
1 of 21
Whair: Aligning for Our Next Phase
Inbox
AI Overview

    Nyree thanked the team for contributions to Whair and identified gaps in collaboration, workflows, and productivity.
    Nyree announced mandatory team communication, utilization of Notion as a hub, and distribution of term sheets next week outlining expectations.
    Mandatory monthly advisor calls will be implemented, and Nyree requested team feedback on the company's next phase.

By Gemini; there may be mistakes. Learn more
Nyree Brown
	
Fri, Feb 27, 6:03 PM (4 days ago)
	
	
to bcc: me
Good evening and happy Friday, 

First, I'd like to thank you as an individual for any and all contributions to Whair; individually and collaboratively. Along with our competition, I've really taken some time to analyze our business model. I also felt it was important to examine and analyze our company culture as it stands, as well as our output working as a team and as individuals. While I feel that we have a super strong team, with the ability to incept a company that can very much be successful and carve out a significant corner of the market, there are gaps within our team i.e. collaboration, workflows, communication, and ultimately productivity, it is my sole responsibility as leader. 

As we creep closer to Whair's official launch, it's imperative that we not only appear to look like a team but become one. In reality, other startups have an advantage that we don't: a team that has built together. I'm taking full responsibility for that. But, if we continue as is, productivity suffers, growth and scaling is stifled, team building is non-existent, inability to establish a real company culture all to the detriment of the company. We need to be maintaining communication as a team regularly... it will be mandatory. If you see something that can contribute to Whair's expansion and help us establish intrinsic value amongst our target consumer and/or investors, please feel free to share it; I will set up group chats and means of communication that will help bring about some camaraderie and togetherness. Independent research is valuable and, in some cases, mandatory. Please utilize the Notion, as it should be seen as our centralized hub and eventual data room during our capital raise.

Everyone will be receiving their term sheets by next week. These sheets will outline deliverables, expectations, and material continued contribution. These terms were created to ensure the success of the company, and for you all as individuals. 

I am someone that has a pretty good grasp on my individual strengths and weaknesses. Every day, I actively take time to strengthen my weaknesses, as well as my strengths. Whair has the opportunity to restore consent and sovereignty as it pertains to likeness and digital identity. This isn't a small undertaking. It requires the unwavering dedication and support of a team to power it forward and upward. Approximately every day for over a year, I've worked to get Whair here. I'd like to see it rise with you all at the helm. We have three advisors, who are just as dedicated to our success as we are...willing to use their networks and resources, because they believe in our company, our mission, and its team. Monthly calls with advisors are going to be mandatory as they are detrimental to the success of Whair. Gathering insight, intel, leads, following up on introductions... all go into what's next. If we choose to underperform, we kill the company. I'm not going to sugarcoat it, commitment, time, discipline, priority, are what's necessary. As you can see, there have been startups emerging with our core model, proving that we have it right. Capability has nothing to do with their success, but what will differentiate us from the rest is our culture, narrative, and drive to move the needle. WE ARE THE ONLY WAY THAT WHAIR WORKS. 

I hope that everyone who has been and continues to be a part of Whair's inception, is committed to growing the company and building something meaningful. This is my purpose, my dream, my baby, and I hope that everyone loves being a core part of its success and being a part of something most people can never say they even attempted. I hope it makes us wealthy and fulfilled knowing that we developed something that the world needs in such a transformative era and time!

Looking forward to hearing your feedback. 

Thank you all again,
Nyree 


Displaying Whair __ Alae Beta Sprint Brief.docx.pdf. Page 1 of 1 Page 1 of 3